hey guys it's Darth Vina and you're
watching episode 4 of being a girl on
Xbox Live if you enjoyed this video make
sure to leave a like because it helps me
out so much and the feedback I get from
you guys is what makes making these
videos worth it
hi miss 9 you son sexy Oh just 9 more
like this fine I type that every day of
the week that Monday that towards a down
your pants Jane are we playin Search and
Destroy
cuz I'm pretty sure you're the bomb if
you were a hamburger McDonald's you be
McGorgeous
you should wear makeup it's me oh fuck I
messed up hold on because you were
talking there an airport nearby
damnit is there an airport nearby or is
that just by heart taking off again
Donna do you want to go commit suicide
why she laughs at that freaking blonde
freaking go kill yourself honestly I'm
no rupture your uterus yeah I'll clog
your birth canal cut your fallopian
tubes quickscope oh dang dude we gotta
go in this night if this is your
attitude in bed I like it always on top
on this game Donna you were another girl
you were a guy sir you are a guy with a
bitch
how do you like fish water why are you
searching why are you such a bitch hey
girl oh my god give me a number I want a
face time you always see that wet puss a
fucking gangbang that face trying to
stick a Molly in your body
yeah I'm trying to put a mile in your
butt
are you somebody trying to face some
money we bout to put you on worldstar no
doc everybody get that ass yeah we are
about to get that every about to eat
that pussy and make it a shake lat this
is Dorothy I want your beautiful voice
we straight out give you flowers and
masturbate you in the closet